# Attica
Attica  Attica, a clothing store, I was asked to help them configure their environment.  1.  Print the working directory. 2.  Create and open a file in nano called hello.txt. 3.  Save the string, “Hello, I am nano” in hello.txt.  Save the file, exit nano, and clear the terminal. 4.  Use nano to open the bash profile. 5.  In the bash profile, add a greeting with the word “Hello” using the echo command. Save the file, exit nano, and clear the terminal. 6.  Use the source command to make the greeting available in the current session.  You should see the greeting you created. 7.  Open the bash profile, and create two aliases, one for the pwd command and one for the ls -la command.  Save the file, exit nano, and clear the terminal. 8.  Use the source command to make the aliases available in the current session. 9.  Test out the aliases you created for the pwd and ls -la command. 10.  Open the bash profile and create and export the USER environment variable, setting it equal to your name.  Save the file, exit nano, and clear the terminal. 11.  Echo the USER variable. 12.  Open the bash profile and create and export the PS1 environment variable, setting it equal to ">> ".  Save the file, exit nano, and clear the terminal. 13.  Use the source command to make the prompt available in the current session. 14.  Test out the prompt by typing the two aliases you created earlier. 15.  Echo the HOME variable. 16.  Echo the PATH variable. 17.  Return a list of environment variables.
